OSDOCS-4148: Release note for "Support kubernetes-nmstate on vSphere platforms" (#51249)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-12-networking"]
=== Networking

[id="ocp-4-12-k8s-nmstate-support-for-vsphere"]
==== Kubernetes NMState in VMWare vSphere now supported

> Beginning with OpenShift Container Platform 4.12, you can configure the networking settings such as DNS servers/search domains, VLANs, bridges, and interface bonding using the Kubernetes NMState Operator on your VMware vSphere instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with {product-title} 4.12, you can configure the networking settings such as DNS servers or search domains, VLANs, bridges, and interface bonding using the Kubernetes NMState Operator on your VMware vSphere instance.
```
See the ISG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-slashes

Author: Fixed these, thank you1

> For more information, see xref:../networking/k8s_nmstate/k8s-nmstate-about-the-k8s-nmstate-operator.adoc

Reviewer: This link needs to be active.

Author: Fixed, thank you!
